Why is spring still coming? Has Mazi.com been posted?
The features are not popular and are still present in the entire property.
I see, have you forgotten where this place is?
This is also the most expensive real estate in Yuncheng.
It is also the most precious real estate in Guoanhua.
Are you the god of the city if you stink?
Do you know which property this is?
How much do you want?
Isn't this just a different situation in Yuncheng? Isn't it melancholy?
I also tend to go to the police in Yuncheng.
Fighting for the title of farewell
One hundred sets of stools
A set costs at least 20 million
The back of the city
Total price 2 billion
A stinker is
I'm afraid I can't even afford a toilet.
I also want to buy the entire property
Even a village
One or two thousand sets
You two bitches
From working in the whole dynasty to now
I'm afraid I can't even sell one set.
What are you still pretending to be here?
It’s so funny that May
The stock was opened for 20 million yuan.
Why don't you buy it and give it to me?
We need to be rational on earth today
Oh, you ask me to buy them all
Then push you off